Am I good enough? Yes I am.;Michelle Obama
Good riddance to decisions that don't support self-care, self-value, and self-worth.;Oprah Winfrey
I'm giving you permission to root for yourself and while you're at it root for those around you, too.;Mindy Kaling
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.;J.K. Rowling
I am the greatest. I said that even before I knew I was.;Muhammad Ali
I say looking on the bright side of life never killed anybody;Jenny Han
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.;Martin Luther King Jr.
Your perspective is unique. It’s important and it counts;Glenn Close
Your life is already a miracle of chance waiting for you to shape its destiny;Toni Morrison
If you really think small, your world will be small. If you think big, your world will be big;Paulo Coelho
Embrace the glorious mess that you are;Elizabeth Gilbert
The ultimate truth of who you are is not I am this or I am that, but I Am;Eckhart Tolle
Nothing can dim the light that shines from within;Maya Angelou
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us;Joseph Campbell
Your life is about to be incredible;Tim Storey
I’m better than I used to be. Better than I was yesterday. But hopefully not as good as I’ll be tomorrow;Marianne Williamson
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I’m possible!';Audrey Hepburn
You must do the things you think you cannot do;Eleanor Roosevelt
The only courage you ever need is the courage to fulfill the dreams of your own life;Oprah Winfrey
The past does not equal the future unless you live there;Tony Robbins
Failure is just another way to learn how to do something right;Marian Wright Edelman
Hold up your head! You were not made for failure, you were made for victory;Anne Gilchrist
I forgive those who have harmed me in my past and peacefully detach from them.
A river of compassion washes away my anger and replaces it with love.
Today, I abandon my old habits and take up new, more positive ones.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.;Walt Disney
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.;Will Rogers
You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.
It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.;Vince Lombardi
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.;Rob Siltanen
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.;Maya Angelou
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.;Dr. Henry Link
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.;Franklin D. Roosevelt
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.;C.S. Lewis
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.;Confucius
Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality.;Brian Tracy
Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.;John Wooden
I don’t sweat the small stuff.;Gabby Bernstein
I can. I will. End of story.
I feed my spirit. I train my body. I focus my mind. It’s my time.;IntenSati Method
I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness.
I am whole.
I have the power to create change.
I let go of all that no longer serves me.
I refuse to give up because I haven’t tried all possible ways.
I’m going to make you so proud.;Note to self
My presence is my power.;Gabrielle Bernstein
When you really want it, you are unstoppable.
I enjoy life to the fullest.
I further my career with every action I take.
Everything about me is lovable and worthy of love.
My body is healthy and full of energy.
